What Stood Out?
  Human thoughts or just the brain is very complex from what the book was pointing out. I didn't think the book would go deep into the psychological aspects of the brain. yes the human brain is hard to understand even through many years of researh and devlopment we still have along ways to to finding more information about the brain. More and more influnces happen every year, decade, and century that are brains develop through each generation it becomes impressive. This leads to the design aspect when it comes to it though. Since we try to design things that are meant for us it's ahrd to get it right the first time. Which is why I find it interesting how devlopers can be lead to such a dark side of their life. In the sub section of blaming the wrong things it talks about helplessness. Something that talks about repetitive failure of a task that can lead to depression. Im trying to connect this to how designs will be faulty so alot of mistakes will be made. The combination of these two is synergizes really well to make where I fell like a good amount of designers tend to give up if certain actions arent meant. Alot of the subjects in this section feel more like diving into how to understand the human brain rather than figuring out terms like how it was for chapter 1
  
Notes :D

How People Do things
  2 people will do two things that is gulf of exectution and evaluation. For Eecution is where they try to figure out how it operates. For Evalutation its where they try to figure out what happened.
Basically execution is how the use of somethjing and evaluation is to see what happens after using it
It's important to implement signifiers, constaints, and mappiung for execution
Feedback and conceptual models for evaluation

The seven stages of Action
   Goal
  Execution - 3 stages
    Plan
    Specify
    Perform
  Evaluation - 3 stages
    Perceive
    Interpret
    Compare
  Seven stages provide a useful guidline for understanding designs that are made for humans. Not every design has to require all of each stage.

Human Thoughts
  Human mind is important as its used for design when trying to understand what we want. 
  Designs will usually be faulty, difficult to use and understand (Strengthen the use  of seven stages of action)
  We are unawarte of our subconsious processses so understanding what other people beliueve and behave are often going to be wrong, (We are humans we are hard creatures to understnad which I really agree with in the book)
  The books says the human mind is immensely complex having evolved over long periods of time of multiple discplines and behavor sequences, with a bunch of things influenceing it aswell. We have so many discouveries of the human brain but yet there is stil lalot to acheive to know what the human brain is capable of.
Subconcious - Fast, Automatic, Multiple resources, Controls skilled behavior
Concious, Slow, Controlled, Limited Resources, Invoked when learning or in danger

Human Cognition and Emotion
  Theres three different levels of processing
    Reflective- Where we think of consequences. When decision making takes place and takes over on the outcomes and responsiblity.
    Behavioral- The home of learned skills. This is more like thinking before we take action when it comes to speaking or playing sports. But it goes a little more detailed. When we pick up a cup we techinically pick it up buit never really thing about our finger placement or how we should hold it since its already in our system to know how to pick something up.
    Visceral0- The most basic Level of Processing basically called lizard brain. makes quick judgments about if something is bad or good. So maybe kinda like intuition and reflexes?. Visceral Learning takes place by sensitization or desenitization through adapting.

The seven stages of action and the three levels of processing
  Lowest level- visceral levels of calmness or anxiety 
  Middle level- Behavioral ones dirven by expectations and execution like hope and fear
  Highest level- The reflective emotions, ones that assess the results in terms of the presumed agents and the consequences long term
tasks that are to easy causes bordem
Tasks that are to hard causes frustration

People as Storytellers
  Stories resonate with our experiences and provide examples of new instances. Conceptual models are a form of story resolting from our predisposition to find explanations. This gives us a better understanding on our experiences and predict the outcomes of our actions. Problem is these models are constructed from very little evidence with poor underrstanding of whats happening. This leads to faulty design models and lead to frustrations of everyday life. So bad models will lead to us to bringing negative thoughts

Blaming the Wrong Things
  We tend to blame ourselves. So when a device is not working as intended we never really think that its the devices fault but more so of our fault. We don't really want to admit to having trouble. Everyone thinks that its natural to blame their own misfortunes on the enviorment or personality. The same goes for the opposite when a result goes well for someone else they will credit the enviorment or luck

  Helplessness helps explain the self blame. It's aclinical problem of depression. The repeated failure of a task leads to this well more so just for them this results in severe difficulties coping with life.

The seven Stages of Action
  Discoverability. It is possible to determine what actions are possible
and the current state of the device.
  Feedback. There is full and continuous information about the results
of actions and the current state of the product or service. After an
action has been executed, it is easy to determine the new state.
  Conceptual model. The design projects all the information needed
to create a good conceptual model of the system, leading to understanding and a feeling of control. The conceptual model enhances
both discoverability and evaluation of results.
  Affordances. The proper affordances exist to make the desired actions possible.
  Signifiers. Effective use of signifiers ensures discoverability and that
the feedback is well communicated and intelligible.
  Mappings. The relationship between controls and their actions follows the principles of good mapping, enhanced as much as possible
through spatial layout and temporal contiguity.
  Constraints. Providing physical, logical, semantic, and cultural constraints guides actions and eases interpretation
